Roger was a lot of things, he was an office worker, he was clumsy, he was too picky about his bedsheets and he was an amputee.

People avoided Roger's eyes in stores, which was something he'd never understood. Sure, he caught on that nobody wanted to deal with the awkward of looking at a prosthetic, but his eyes weren't prosthetic. By avoiding Roger's eyes the passersby were only increasing the odds of getting caught staring at his plastic arm.

Even that was assuming that Roger was wearing his prosthetic that day, which was a 50/50 chance depending on how recently he'd damaged it. Roger had considered buying a spare arm, but he figured he'd fall on it and break his spare arm with his current arm and then he'd be out 1000 dollars instead of several hundred. Roger had just been reminded of the price of an arm when he placed the order last afternoon.

Which meant that Roger was out on a date without his arm. In fact, he was early for a date while missing an arm. The waiter had been nice enough, making sure that he was comfortable and giving extra attention to assure him that she wasn't discriminating against him.

So Roger sat at the table, alternating between reading the menu and drinking his water. Time ticked by as the waiter came back with a refill and Roger refused it. He was going to be leaving soon. He'd been on enough dates to know when someone had turned around at th-

"You Roger, mate?" a man asked as he slid up to the table. He didn't wait for Roger to respond before taking his seat. "Sorry I'm late, sholda known better than to hop in the car at this time of day."

Roger didn't respond, the man was Australian, accent and everything; That required a mental note to thank Taylor.

"Anyway," the man started, "I'm Marcus, Tay told ya about me, right?" Marcus held out his hand on the wrong side, and Roger shook it anyway.

"Yeah she-" the gears in Roger's head started turning as he caught the man shaking the nothing on Roger's right side. Wasn't that hilarious? But still, Roger could feel it. "What the hell?" he asked.

"What I thoug-" Marcus started. Roger jumped back of his chair, ripping his phantom hand away from Marcus. "Roger!" Marcus called out before getting up from the table- "Shit, you're Roger right? Look I didn't mean anything by it if you're not, I was just supposed to-" Marcus kept talking, but Roger stopped listening.

For a moment, half a glorious moment there, Roger had his arm back. He felt it in Marcus' powerful grip. He could feel a friendly handshake instead of the awkward left-handed one. It had been there. "My arm," Roger finally got out as he stared at the blank space where his limb was supposed to be.

"What about it mate?" Marcus turned back to Roger once he was done assuring the staff that everything was alright. "S'all good."

"How did you touch my arm?" Roger asked.

"With my hands," Marcus pointed out. "Look mate, if I crossed a boundary just let me know and I'll scoot on outta here. Didn't mean to cheese ya."

"Of course I'm fucking," Roger thought about the word for a moment, "cheesed, how the hell did you touch my arm?" he asked, "it's fucking missing."

"Hey Mate," Marucs said, "you feelin' okay?"

"I'm!" Roger realized he was making a scene, "I'm fine, how'd you touch my arm?"

"Well I grabbed it mate, not like I went for the left side or something."

"You should have gone for the left side," Roger waved his right elbow wildly in the air. "There's nothing here," Roger paused, "mate."

"Stop waving your arm around," Marcus said, "you're all turned aorund. Maybe I'll get ya a glass-a-water and we can chat about what happened there?"

"What?" he asked, "I'm missing my right arm."

"Nah mate, you're missin' your left," Marcus pointed out before putting his hand through Roger's intact left arm.